Add unix domain support documentation. (#93)
DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client: README.md

occurred will be sent or added to the send queue (depending on whether Send or
Add is being called).

## Unix domain socket support

The version 6 (and above) of the Agent accepts packets through a Unix Socket datagram connection. Details about the advantages of using UDS over UDP are available in our [docs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/unix_socket/).

You can use unix domain socket protocol by setting `StatsdServerName` property to `unix://YOUR_FULL_PATH`, for example `unix:///tmp/dsd.socket`. Please note there are three `/` as the path of the socket is `/tmp/dsd.socket`.

``` C#
var dogstatsdConfig = new StatsdConfig
{    
    StatsdServerName = "unix:///tmp/dsd.socket"  
};
```

The property `MaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` of `StatsdConfig` defines the maximum size of the payload.
Values higher than 8196 are ignored.

**The feature is not supported on Windows platform**.

> Windows has a support for [unix domain socket](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/af_unix-comes-to-windows/), but unix domain socket of type Dgram (`SocketType.Dgram`) is not yet supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows has support for [unix domain socket](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/commandline/af_unix-comes-to-windows/), but not for unix domain socket of type Dgram (`SocketType.Dgram`). 
```

> On MacOS Mojave, `MaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` value should not be greater than `2048`, otherwise you will experiment payloads drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On MacOS Mojave, the `MaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` configuration option should not be greater than `2048`, otherwise you will experiment payloads drop.
```
